Wow! What a beautiful restaurant! The huge windows offer views out into the bay are amazing!
Fog harbor fish house, what can I say about this 5 star seafood gem on Pier 39?  I think I can say plenty.  
We went to SF to celebrate my brother in law's birthday, my brother in law is an excellent culinarian, so it was hard for me to find a place that would at least meet his expectations
Nice little spot in the middle of Pier 39 where all the tourists congregate. Make a reservation or be prepared to wait - thankfully we did thru the YELP way in advance! Great location with a couple of sides having a view of the bay. As you might imagine, menu options are heavily on the seafood side but they have burgers and steaks too.......but.....
The food was so good that I came here twice during my short stay in SF!
I've always wanted to try somewhere new and stumbled on this one. When I arrived to the place, I had a feeling this would be a tourist trap. It turns out it was.
This is a popular Pier 39 location for seafood and I had to give it a try. I went in here for a date and the location is what the fuss is all about. It's overlooking the Golden Gate Bridge and the California sea lions resting on the SF shoreline. You can watch the boats come and go at the dock for hours. I found it fascinating to sit by the window and recall fond memories.
These guys aren't lying about fast response plumbing...they are really quick! I made the appointment at 2:55PM and they were at my house 25min later. The only problem was that I didn't get home until 10 minutes after that! Luckily, they were patient.
Tim replaced our kitchen faucet for $175. He was fast efficient and went the extra mile with a small fix in our tub
have called this company twice for two different jobs, and both times they were very professional, on time and did exactly what they told me they will do to fix the problem.
Had sewage coming from house into garage. billy came out on time promised and fixed it in minutes! We will have him come back soon to put optic camera down pipes to
Make sure it is all working. Great service, prompt response
I live in one of those very old San Francisco buildings that has very old pipes - which makes it nearly impossible to snake when the drain clogs.
Joe (the owner) called me back immediately.  Ed Ramirez was in contact twice with me to confirm the time and location.  I was given a two hour window but Ed came on the early side of that window
Joe is absolutely amazing.  I called him with an extreme plumbing emergency in the middle of a Saturday and he dropped everything to come and make sure I was OK
Thursday night my basement started flooding from our upstairs bathroom. To say the least, it was a total nightmare.
We had an issue with our water heater. Ed was very helpful in troubleshooting, explaining the possible causes of the issue, instructed us how to work with the manufacturer since it was under warranty, shopped and paid for parts in advance of getting paid, was prompt and a good communicator. He built trust and I would absolutely use these guys again
used these folks to install a whole house filtration system and an undersink RO system.  They showed up on time and were very professional
Seriously don't look no further for your plumbing needs. J Carrillo Plumbing has got you covered. Basically we wanted to replace our old undermounted sink and faucet. A task (sink replacement) we initially thought was impossible without major work to our countertops, Jeff and Norma came to our home on short notice, looked under the sink and said they can do the job. They then gave me a very reasonable quote, recommend some products even referring me to a plumbing store where we found the perfect sink. Jeff and Norma are professional and work great together as a team. My son really enjoyed their company at our home. Jeff and Norma know their stuff and it's true they are good at what they do. Friendly, good communication, and knowledgeable. We are VERY satisfied customers. Thank you!
They don't make them like him anymore :) We are simply thrilled with Jeff and his wife's stellar work at our house. Since last year, we have had Jeff visit many times to fix plumbing related things at our house (bad contractor that left lots of stuff unfinished!). But this did not deter Jeff from taking on many of these tasks. He was also a great advisor to us for several different situations related to plumbing. He went above and beyond to help us and we are grateful for his services
Jeff, the owner of J Carrillo Plumbing, runs a very honest and fair family owned business that you can trust to get the job done right. I highly recommend his service!
Did an amazing job fixing our issues.  Explained to us why we were having problems and gave us tips on how to avoid them in the future.  Really appreciate their work and won't hesitate to hire them again
The plunger on my bathroom sink broke and went down into the p-trap.  I channeled my inner Tim Taylor and found out why I should stay away from hardware.  Sum it up: p-trap broken, 10pm at night, needed it fixed asap.  Called these guys and arrived within 1 hour from the call.  Saved my butt!  Many thanks to this business!
Jeff's work was thorough and efficient.  He listened attentively and completely understood my request. When I had questions, he explained everything.  When I orded the wrong drain, he helped me order the right one and came back to install a few days later for no additional charge.  He and his wife did fantastic work. Their prices are reasonable.  And they were a joy to work with.  I highly recommend them.  I will definitely use them again for repair work and/or remodeling.
If I could give them 10 stars I would and that's no joke.  Jeff and Norma have been taking care of all my plumbing needs for the last 18 months.  When I say plumbing needs I mean, new construction, fixing old broken down systems, replacing my sewer lines, updating my septic tank, new underground water system install and much more.  I found Jeff on yelp, so I figure it was my time to write a post
I requested a quote for an install for a thermocouple for my water heater.  I didn't have hot water for a week.  I had the part already, I just needed an easy install (less than 20 min).  Jeff responded quickly with just the quote. To be fair I did have fair quotes from others, but Jeff was willing to do the job the next day on December 23rd.  One guy offered to do the work for me for double the standard rate just because it was near Christmas time, shame on him.
I can't say enough about how wonderful J Carrillo Plumbing is.  Our main water line to our home had been broken.  Not only was the pricing as good as it gets, but the service was superior.  Jeff and his crew went above and beyond any reasonable expeditations we had.  They worked late into the night to make sure our family had water.  Excellent work by good people.  Thank you J Carrillo Plumbing.
We had a plumber come out to look at installing a water heater Thursday morning for a quote, which seemed decent. I called back at 5pm Thursday and spoke to a nice lady (presumably the owner) and requested an appointment in the morning. She said the plumber would call back between 7 - 9am. Friday morning, I did not receive a call back. I called and the same lady said she sent all of her plumbers to another call early in the morning at 4am, as it was a big job.
I bought a new under-mount sink for my kitchen, replaced most of the old piping underneath and tried to reuse my old garbage disposal. I had a small leak from one of the pipes I bought so decided to call this company to sure up my work. Victor arrived and told me everything was completely wrong and needed to be redone. He said a new garbage disposal is needed so it can properly secured to the drain (true) and new piping was needed.
These guys showed up on time ready for anything. I told them I would at least write them a good yelp review because my dad insisted on doing the work himself --- I really wish I could have had some professional help. I ended up spending an entire day doing work that these guys would have completed in probably no time since they arrived as a pair and knew what they were doing. So, this is 5 stars just for their sunny attitude and punctuality. Thank you!
These guys are terrific! We have reached out to them for assistance on a couple projects and each time they have arrived on time and have perform the work very professionally and quickly.
I needed some work done on my toilet and called A Plumbing Hero the night before because I've used them on two other occasions and found them to be very reliable and trustworthy. They said to expect Rudy the next morning. Rudy showed up right on time and gave me a fair estimate for the work. He did a great job. As usual they did not disappoint me. I will keep using them the next time I have a plumbing related problem.
I called and they showed up on time. He gave me an estimate of the cost to replace my main shut off valve and an angle shut off valve to one of my sinks. The pricing I'll be honest was a little bit higher than what I wanted to pay however I didn't want to shop around a ton because I was trying to sell my town house. He quickly made the repairs. We test it out the valves and I was a happy customer.
We have had a plumbing issue since we purchased our home. I could not get anyone to explain why it was happening. Benito came in fix the problem temporarily but explained why it is happening and how we can fix it next time. I've found my new favorite!  Great job, super nice and affordable. I'm a fan!
Thanks to Plumbing Hero and Victor M. For coming out and providing an A+++ service for fixing my homes Main water pipe. Plumbing Hero assessed the issue in a timely manner and was very clear on the work that needed to be done. No short cuts taken. Plumbing Hero was also very generous with the quote provided. If anyone experiences any Main water pipe leakes/Plumbing issues etc, reach out to Plumbing Hero available 24/7.
I called "A Plumbing Hero" last week for a bid on my house. They scheduled an appointment for tomorrow but then called this am to state that they would be moving the appointment to today from 10am to after 12pm. No problem, so i waited till 3:15pm and called them back at the number I was called from. Woman who answered the phone said that there was a mistake and they must have called the wrong number. Then said that the estimator was out and when i stated that i had been left hanging for 3 hours she said that they wouldn't be doing business with me
I talked to lady at office for estimate today needed fix main valve close but they came 11am I met " Benito" I mention yelp gave me 10% off  . I decided let him work for me .. I need find not crazy expensive plumber so I (believe they won't charge too high .  )Little high for me because I lost job and had to move this old house .  I have to pay fix fee myself instead of rent . Benito did work less than 45 min he said I think he did great job. I would call them again if any problem happen. I recommended this place . Benito was nice person and hard worker. I appreciated .
Victor and his gang are the BOMB.  They did an excellent job with our plumbing project.  They worked with urgency and got our project done quicker than we thought.  They were meticulous and cleaned up wonderfully when they finished the project.  While working on one project I mentioned we had several plumbers over to repair our walk in tub leak.  The other plumbers could not work on the project. When we told Victor this he immediately told us he could do the job.  Whenever I need a plumber in the future, Victor is our man.  They do phenomenal work.
I have called these guys a couple times now.  They are easy to work with and have been able to come to my home on short notice.  Victor is very nice and knowledgeable of all plumbing problems.  I will continue to keep calling them when I need a plumber aka Hero!
This company has truly earned 5+ stars! I highly recommend them. My house needed a complete repiping and Victor came to the rescue with his awesome crew of prompt, professional and efficient guys.
Holy moly are these guys super stars! I called A Plumbing Hero after another local company came to my property and told me they couldn't "do the job". The faucet head had fallen off in the tub and needed to be replaced along with a new plate. I called and A Plumbing Hero had someone at our town home 30 minutes later to fix the faucet and get the tub and shower up and running again. Benito, our service technician was truly awesome; friendly,
This is the second time I've used APlus for plumbing issues. Juan and Miguel once again resolved our problem with ease and efficiency. I was happy to see them waiting for me once I got home from work at 4:07p for my 4p-6 appointment window.
Working with Juan and Miguel was a great experience. I had a busted water heater and it was leaking. They came out promptly, were right on time, and were able to replace it for me that day. They gave me a very fair price. They were professional, courteous, and helpful, and were honest about all of my options. I'd work with them again in a second.
Our new place was in need of a new water heater we also had a faucet issue and needed toilets to be secure. Juan came out and gave an affordable estimate and was very honest about everything. On the day of installation he was on time and got right to work. Very thorough and cleaned up after. We would highly recommend Juan and will call to request Juan if need be for any plumbing issues.
I'm sort of speechless. Juan and Miguel showed up as advertised, listened to my leaky-toilet situation quickly, and figured out WHY it was leaking all over the floor. It was a SIMPLE fix - which they figured out immediately. I was literally sitting in the bathtub - embarrassed I couldn't figure it out on my own. THEN they told ME how to fix it. NO CHARGE.
This is the second time I called Aplus. I appreciate how proactive they were when they arrive to help me with one thing and then checked my toilet and found out it was leaking, for a while.  They helped me prevent a bigger problem down the road. THANK YOU! I definitely recommend their honesty and looking out of me.
We've called APlus a few times over the years, once to replace a garbage disposal, and for a clogged main drain.  We finally had them replace the main drain, and he was able to show me pictures of where the old cast iron pipe had obstructions from excessive solder that had splashed into the pipe during the original installation decades ago.
Had an issue with one of our pipes that caused an extensive amount of flooding from our washer and toilets I called and they sent over Juan. Juan was quick to identify the issue and quickly got on the job. As he was working, Juan was very informative and would explain what he was doing to fix the issue. Within an hour the issue was solved and it was as if nothing ever happened. The price was affordable too. Thank you Juan for your great service!!
We called APLUS to look at a major plumbing problem in our San Leandro home. Juan & Miguel came in on short notice on a Friday to look at our clogged master bedroom, giving us a very reasonable price for a substantial piping replacement that other plumbers have quoted for double the price.
Reliable plumber, very friendly and responsive. I had them come out my house twice- once for a leaky toilet and also because my disposal was clogged. Juan did a great job and was really transparent and helpful. Would definitely recommend them again!
called APlus Plumbing and they were actually able to respond to my house within two hours. Juan and Miguel arrived and quickly fixed a wall pipe that had been annoying me for years.  They make a great team and they work well together.  I was so impressed with there work that I asked them to fix a second valve problem that I was experiencing in another room.  Upon inspection, Juan located two plugged up pipes and they were replaced within minutes.
I had a hot water line leak under the foundation of my house. It would be no small task to fix either. A plumber would either need to destroy my bathrooms to fix the pipes or do a complete pipe of my house through the attic.
When you need them badly they come to your door almost instantly. Christmas crunch and I'm supposed to be doing cooking for family from all over the world, our traditional noche Buena (Christmas Eve celebration) to find out my kitchen sink wouldn't drain as well as my laundry room (flooded the night before)  I give them a call 8am sharp as advertised on their web and they send Juan and Miguel. As promised they are at my doorsteps before 9am and job completed soon after. The same pair were the ones who did my main sewer line 4 years ago which Juan said will last for many many  years (I did another review on this job).
A friend has spoken highly of Hog Island and we have been wanting to try it. We met up with our friend for dinner after work one evening and I was looking forward to this meal. It was a nice evening and the outside patio was full and the tables were occupied inside as well. But we were able to get seated at the bar, which still offered a nice view of the Bay. They don't take reservations, so it's first come, first served and the line to queue for a table is on the Bay side entrance.
Hog Island is always lively with a crowd almost all times throughout the day.  They expanded the place a couple years back and it still draws enough of a crowd to be packed all the time.  The ambiance has a trendy rustic look to the restaurant.
I've been to Hog Island a total of two times now and loved my experience each time. The location is perfect, right by the water, you can dine with a view, eating outside is nice too. If you love oysters, this place is a must! The oysters are so fresh and they many different oysters. I always get the clam chowder. Its different than the clam chowder that is typically served. Its a bacon clam chowder, with LOTS of bacon and clams, it cost $16. You also get a lot of bread and butter when seated.
Finally tried this place after living in the Bay Area for over 10 years! I now understand why there's always a line here and it's crowded majority of the time! Came with a group of 5 on a Thursday evening and we waiting about 30 min as expected.
For both meals, we ordered almost the exact same dishes.  A round of grilled oysters in the chipotle bourbon, roasted jalapeno, grilled peppers, and harissa.  My personal favorite was the roasted jalapeno, with that grassiness of the green pepper but chipotle bourbon was the strong runner up with the sweet smokiness.
The Clam Steamers is better than any other version with tons of manila clams, huge chunks of chorizo, baby kale, leeks, tomatillo sauce, white wine and butter.  It's got so much punch because of the tomatillo and chorizo and that slight spiciness is great.   We ordered it once with pasta and once without and recommend going without.  The pasta thickens the dish and really, that wine sauce is good for sopping with bread.
I called in to order to go, and my order was easily taken care of upon pick up. Joe, the gentleman who assisted with my order of 3 dzn oysters to go - was amazing! I was in and out within 10 minutes IN San Francisco. Hello! Super easy transaction and we were well on our way home with ready to shuck and eat oysters.
Oysters are really fresh and tasty here but honestly after having the ones at the borough market in london these are teenyyyy and expensive. However the flavors are there and its good to try once. There are also a lot of snacks u can get while waiting cause you are most definitely going to wait a while. Its lit yall.
Came here to beat the rush hour commute and it was so worth it! Got here around 4:30/5PM and they were already petty busy. All tables outside were full (of course, it was a beautiful day in the City) but I was able to get seated within 5 mins.
Worth the wait!  Perhaps there's no line during the week but I came for lunch on a Sunday and stood in line outside the door for about 20-30 mins.  If you get a drink from the bar, it makes it totally bearable.
This place is no joke!! I had heard a lot of good things about Hog Island Oyster Co previously, but always assumed it was overhyped. Contrary to my beliefs, it is SO good.
I've had Hog Island bookmarked for a long time and was not going to leave San Francisco without finally checking them out. I arrived just a bit before 7p on a Thursday, and while the line looked a bit intimidating at first, it moved quickly. I was at my table within 15-20 minutes when the line was originally about 30 people deep.
-Chowder: 3 stars. I'm so sad to say this, because I feel like every friend who'd reviewed Hog Island before me was singing the praises of the chowder as the highlight of the restaurant. I have to say that I just didn't understand the hype. It was full of clams which was nice, but also messy. And the broth itself was incredibly thin and not all that special, in my opinion.
-6 Mixed Oysters: 3.5 stars. I don't know enough about oysters to tell you what different kinds will taste like. I did notice a difference between them, but would really struggle to articulate it. I was kind of bummed that they didn't come with horse radish and more bummed that it was $21 for 6 oysters. They were enjoyable, but no more than any other oysters I've had.
Best Restaurant for seafood in San Francisco, PERIOD!
I'm 5th generation San Franciscan, & even though a member of my family also owned a restaurant on the pier, this was my favorite.
Hidden a bit out of the way (all the better, I selfishly don't ever want to have to wait in a line to be able to eat here) near Fisherman's Wharf, Scoma's serves up possibly the best clam chowder I've ever had in my life
We arrived late because or lyft driver was very slow but they still honored our waitlist spot.  We had a very professional and attentive waiter but not extremely personable.  I ordered the 3 fish grill (cod, salmon and halibut) and a cup of clam chowder. I loved the halibut and the salmon was above average the cold tasted a teeny bit underdone but that may have been the texture since it is a flaky fish.  She ordered calamari app, ceasar salad and a cup of clam chowder. She enjoyed everything as well but we both agreed the clam chowder was the belle of the ball
Good food, decent service, good for the environment. They have good food, and a decent kids menu. The service is ok, they usually bring your food within 15-20 minutes. They are pretty good for the environment, with no disposable utensils or straws. They also have a lot of local fish.
We ordered the crab cakes and baked oysters for our starters and both were delicious! The crab cakes were generously stuffed with crab and the oysters were deliciously baked with cheese and spinach. For our main dishes, we ordered the Mixed Seafood Grill and the Fish and Chips (lunch menu). This was more than enough food for two people and all of the fish tasted very fresh. Our view was beautiful as well- a great pairing with the food! Lastly, for dessert we got the Drunken Affogato. The alcohol was not too overpowering and it had a very creamy coffee flavor.  It was a great way to end our meal.
Just keep in mind that cost is not that cheap.  But when you are in tourist area, all the foods are expensive...Just spend little more at this restaurant and you get to experience excellent dishes
 went here to meet a family member who had come into town and was previously a long time SF resident and some friends. I was told it was a great place, in a great location, that had been here a long time, and had great food. Maybe I came here expecting too much. The fact that I'm
I don't really even know where to start with this review.  Scoma was such a weird experience from beginning to end.  After a long bike ride over the plenty of San Fransisco hills my husband and I had worked up quite an appetite.  We wanted something fresh and close.  Scoma was one of the close by restaurants that used Yelp's Reservations and also the most highly rated.  We put ourselves on the list and headed that direction.  I was pleasantly surprised how tucked away from Fisherman's Wharf's crowds it was.  It immediately was quieter and calmer.  We had a few minutes to wait for our table so we sat at the bar and ordered a drink.  They were tasty, but pricy.  The bartender was friendly and attention.  The atmosphere in the bar was nice: pretty views, a nice fire place, and people enjoying their dinner and drinks at smaller tables.  Shortly after getting our drinks we were called for our table.  This is where things started to get weird.  We were seated at a small 2-person table in the middle of a busy room.  The carpet was old and dingy, the wood paneled walls covered in cheap frames filled with autographed celebrity photos, and it was loud.  I mean really loud.  A complete juxtaposition from the bar.  So much so that we asked if we could return and be seated at the bar.  They were happy to oblige.  Once seated back in the bar, our server greeted us.  This man was a walking parody of a french waiter.  He was very efficient and knew the menu well.  We never felt like we weren't being tended to, but he was certainly in a hurry as we were his "last table of the night after staying a couple hours after his shift."  
t's also a good idea to come in with an idea of what you have a taste for, because the menu will not make that decision easy at all. With delectable offerings such as Smoked Salmon Mac and Cheese, Dungeness Crab Thermidor, and Oysters Rockefeller "alla Scoma", it will not be an easy decision at all.
I am visiting SF from Maine, so I have a great appreciation for fresh, well prepared seafood! Cioppino has been on my bucket list for a long time. It was as delicious as I had hoped! Scoma's did not disappoint! The servers were absolutely top notch, very professional and kind! This restaurant has a long history and it's evident that they've held on to all of the gre
After two visits to Scoma's it has become a favorite for my trips to San Francisco. A beautiful spot on the water and a wonderful restaurant. The service is impeccable and matches the price point. The menu has a ton of options from classics like shrimp cocktail to pastas and various fresh catch of the day with an extensive drink menu. I have enjoyed the shrimp and scallops, petrale, and the medley with three fish and shrimp. Everything was fantastic and cooked perfectly. I have enjoyed various cocktails, wine and beer. A favorite was the blonde ale brewed specifically for Scoma! I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone, it is well worth the price for the service, location, and delicious food. There is a parking garage down on the wharf that is an easy walking distance from the restaurant.
We came here for a late lunch on a Sunday. My son ordered a burger and asked it to be cooked medium well. It was well done. He was not impressed. At all. And says if you want a burger you are better off going to In-N-Out across the street.
I thought the truffle fries were ok at best but the real disappointment of the night was my beet salad. It tasted too healthy, it was like I ordered a plate of just beets. Why even call it a beet salad?  It was not worth the hefty price tag. Lastly, my side of polenta was good but I prefer mine crispy and their polenta had zero crispiness. My friend got the shrimp Alfredo and they modified her order to cater what she wanted. I always appreciate when a restaurant does modifications.
We started off with the bread because that's what you do. The bread was hard but I prefer mine warm and soft. If I wasn't so hungry I would have skipped the bread. I personally had to chase down the bread guy to bring us some. He thought he had already brought us some but he only seemed to serve the other tables around us. It wasn't such a big deal however with my limited choices I was looking forward to some bread.
The day after the Warriors third championship win, our group decided to have a dinner to celebrate our team's achievement. We decided on Betty Lou's in North Beach. The restaurant was on my 'to try' list after hearing that Sotto Mare's head chef, Hector, and sisters Betty and Louise (hence Betty Lou's) who were a long time server and manager, respectively, left and opened this restaurant.
Was seated with no wait since it was an early dinner during the week. Started off with a dozen of fresh oysters that were scrumptious. After  chatting with the head chef - he send out a cup of yummy clam chowder on the house.  Ordered Mike's whole wok crab and the seafood Linguine pasta with red sauce. Everything was delicious and service was on point from my waitress.
Lobster Raviolis- 5 for $24. The pasta was lovely, tender and tasty and the lobster was good. The sauce however was barely palatable.
We came in with a large group and ordered a lot of things. There were shrimp. Oysters. There was calamari (yum!). There were prawns and scallops. There was a chicken piccatta. And honestly, some of it all runs together because we're quite the share everything crowd. But I do remember there being a serious cioppino on the menu, and I tried a bit of the sauce. Spicy, rich, and full of seafood. This is a project, but a tasty one.
The cioppino was amazing. Classic San Francisco style with an amazing spicy tomato broth that I easily could have spent all night just soaking up with bread, seafood or no seafood. There was plenty in the bowl to split with someone else, too, so we appreciated that they gave everyone a big lobster bib to fend off rogue juices. I also give big props to the fresh selection  of oysters we started with.
I'm not a regular patron of north beach restaurants so, it was nice to see that Betty Lou's is holding down the seafood fort. Just to preface the review, we were a large party (all yelpers) and were promptly seated at our table for the feast ahead. The service was super friendly and attentive!
I had been wanting to try this North Beach spot for a while because I had heard such good things. Jamie W. and I were strolling by because we were killing time before the "Bohemian Rhapsody" singalong at Oracle Park. I actually wasn't aware it was in the old Viva space and recognized remnants of the old wallpaper as soon as we entered. It was about 4PM, so the place was empty which was surprising on a Saturday when a constant stream of tourists was traipsing nonstop up and down Columbus and Grant Avenues.
I live near Tadich Grill so that was my place to go for Cioppino, it's salty but since I love seafood I didn't mind *too* much. Little did I know there was another place in town that also had Cioppino, but not as salty and even better than Tadich? Enter Betty Lou's Seafood & Grill
Highly recommend Elaine at The Petsitters! We have used Elaine's services for over 3 years and could not be happier. We know we can trust everything is fine with our cat while Elaine takes care of her. She also gets our mail and makes sure our house plants get the water they need. Every day Elaine feeds the cat, plays with her and cleans the litter box. When we get home we are greeted by a happy cat and some handwritten notes from Elaine's visit.
When I first hired Elaine, I liked that she can give Sub-q fluids and all that. Our Leo was sick and we wanted someone who was almost a cat nurse. If you love your fur baby, you want the best catsitter who knows a lot and who can do a lot.... not some teenager who has had a cat once. No, you want someone who cares about and knows a lot about four legged fur babies!
I've used many pet sitters over the years, and Elaine is by far the most reliable, conscientious, and devoted to the well being of my cats of any sitter I've used in the past. She's someone you can trust, and feel comfortable having in your home, and she does a wonderful job of cleaning up the litter box area before we get back. I also love that she is careful not to over-schedule herself, making sure she has enough time in her day to spend quality time with my cats. They're always calmer when we return from a trip than they have been in the past when we've used different sitters, so I know she's taking extra good care of them. She even knows how to get our timid cat, 'Fraidy', to come out of hiding and play-not an easy feat!
We found The Petsitters on Yelp and agree with the five star reviews that she is great with our cat Ramses.  We had been using a company that had several kind people that would visit our cat when we were away, but our cat is very timid and hid while any one of them visited.  Elaine visited our skittish cat solo and was able to coax him out of hiding while she attended to his food and water dishes and while scooping out his litter box.  I feel that each time Elaine visits that Ramses gets more and more comfortable with her.  Elaine provides feedback via email if requested and leaves a detailed visit description that we find when we return from being away.  We have used Elaine's services for about two years and will continue to use them in the future.  We highly recommend Elaine as someone who gives our cat high quality care!
Elaine is fantastic! I hightly recommend her services. During your first consultation she takes detailed notes regarding your pet. You can email her to get a report and she is very fast in getting back to you. My fur baby is a very timid cat around people yet Elaine was able to take care of her needs and gave her snacks. When we came home we found a happy and healthy cat.
Elaine is the most thorough, understanding, detail-oriented, capable, sensitive and responsible pet-sitter I could have ever wanted for my elderly cat. She came for a pre-care visit and met kitty, understood her needs, and was entirely prepared for what turned out to be a difficult pet-sitting job - kitty constantly disappeared into new hiding places, threw up her meds, went out of the litterbox, got dehydrated; in short, did everything to make it a nightmare for Elaine. Elaine kept constant contact with me while I was out of town, replaced the litterbox, gave her fluids, gave her all the meds as needed, cleaned up, petted and took care of my cat's emotional needs (and mine.)  She left a full report after leaving and recommended future actions.  I couldn't have asked for more. And she's not a slick corporate entity with a bunch of people asking you to get on their mailing list and charging outrageous prices.  She's someone who genuinely cares and does the hard work to prove it.  Pure love.
Elaine is fantastic. I had recently moved and wasn't sure if my cat was ready for me to have an away time yet in his new home. Elaine did a great job getting to know my cat well and understood his patterns right away. I came home to a cleaner and more organized litter box area and pet food storage area than I had left due to Elaine's attention to details and organization! My cat was very happy when I returned, my travel was less stressful, my home is more organized and I have found a trusted pet caregiver I will absolutely work with again. Couldn't be happier. Thank you Elaine
Elaine was fantastic with my two rabbits while I was away on vacation for a week. I came back from vacation and they were happy as could be, litter boxes were clean, and Elaine had left a great note detailing how they were while I was away.
Her rates are reasonable and she will sit you down for a consult to meet your pets and ask you every question in the book to ensure she gives you and your pets the best care. There are few around who offer rabbit watching services, and I would highly recommend Elaine.
We have 4 cats of varying ages, one is very old, and two are extremely food aggressive, so feeding them is a difficult process. Elaine came to our house twice a day for 12 days while we were out of town, and we couldn't be happier. She updated us while we were out of town, gave our old guy extra special attention (as well as lactated ringers), kept the house clean, and really went the extra mile to keep them healthy. This is the second time we've used her service. We're total cat people, our cats are our family, and we're very cautious about who we let in our house - it's such a relief to find a great petsitter who we can trust.
Elaine is great. She's taken wonderful care of two my cats now, my fish, and my plants. Travelling can be stressful enough without the added worry of whether your pets and home will be well taken care of while you're gone. Elaine is very thorough and ensures all details are worked out ahead of time. She's communicative during the trip and leaves very detailed notes for when you return. I would highly recommend her services to anyone who has pets and needs to travel.
Elaine loves animals, and she is the best pet sitter in the business.  She has looked after all of my cats over the decades, and I could not be more satisfied with her services.  Whenever my husband and I go on vacation we feel secure knowing that Elaine is taking care of our beloved feline family member,  as well as watering our plants and sorting our mail.  As soon as we walk into our home after a trip we look forward to getting Elaine's detailed writtendescription of our cat's activities during our absence.  We are so very appreciative of Elaine, and cannot recommend her highly enough.
When I got back I had a  long note that was very detailed and described her interactions with my cats and how they behaved while I was away. Everything was very neat and the litter boxes were immaculately maintained. I was extremely impressed with how she had washed out both litter boxes and swept or vacuumed daily to keep that area neat.
My cat Toad was suffering from hepatic lipidosis and unfortunately needed to be hand fed and given sub-Q liquids during the week I was going out of town.  Elaine kindly agreed to take on this task, even though it is very time consuming and needs expert cat-adoring hands.  After meeting her, my mind was at ease and I knew Toad was going to be taken care of by somebody with great experience and a gentle touch.  She also fed my other cat Missie, tidied up their litter box, and cleaned up some messes they made in the house.  So kind.  So gracious.  I encourage you to contact her for any pet sitting needs.  She was absolutely perfect.  PS Toad is eating again and is no longer jaundiced.  I have Elaine to thank for keeping her hydrated, fed, and loved while I was gone.
If you meet Elaine you can tell that she doesn't just know animals -- she loves them in all their sizes, shapes, and personalities -- she's a passionate, knowledgeable, and caring person. Also, our roommate was actually home when Elaine visited and they had a nice time just chatting -- she's great with humans, too! What more can you ask for with a sitter?
My husband and I are so pleased we found Elaine. I consider myself a little bit of a "crazy cat parent" and was worried about leaving our cats Tosh and Bird with a complete stranger. We have used her services on two different occasions and will be using her from now on. We just moved to the city and what a relief it is knowing that we found someone to count on. Elaine is very detailed oriented and sets high standards for pet sitting. Each time she has left us a very sweet note describing what the kitties have been up to while we were away. We came home to a clean house, clean litter boxes, and happy, well fed kitties. Thank you, Elaine!
I am a huge fan of Elaine's. She has cared for our two cats (sadly, now just one) for years. (I can't even remember how many. At least10?) I have recommended her to many friends with not one hesitation. Sadly, she's not cloned! Elaine clearly spends time with your fur kids when you are gone, and gets to know them very well. Because she leaves long and sweet notes about how things went in your absence, you know she's not just running in and out of the house.
She knows our cat's quirks and personalities well. In addition, we return to a litterbox, food bowls, and everything pet related cleaned and in perfect order. In fact, always better than we left it. (She always washes the litter scooper! Sometimes I want to hire her just to come and do that icky job.) Not only that, but she's ultra-organized. After the first time we used her, she had a file on us and kept our house-key (with our permission, of course). Repeat visits are so easy to set up b/c of her excellent organizational skills. I couldn't trust her more.
I couldn't be happier with the service and adorable cut for my Yorkshire Terrier Shirley by Paola at Who Let the Dogs Out.  First off, this mobile dog grooming service is super convenient.  It is a little more expensive but so worth it as my partner was driving a half hour to our previous groomer and then killing time for several hours before picking Shirley up to head home.  Who Let the Dogs Out Mobile Grooming allows us to get so much more done at home while Shirley is being groomed.  Shirley is a senior rescue from Muttville and was never socialized so any trip out of the house is cause for her to have a total meltdown which is another reason this mobile service is so fantastic.  
Paola obviously has a real love for dogs.  She took the time to come into our house and meet and sit with Shirley who is super suspect of any new person.  Once Shirley was comfortable with Paola she was off to the van and Paola did her magic! Paola exceeded our expectations with Shirley's cut and she even sent the cutest photo of Shirley in the Tub later that day.  
The first issue was the grooming it's self. The guy shaved my dog practically down to his skin for no reason, and this was not what I asked for either. On top of that he clearly didn't even take his time doing that because there were a whole heap of missed spots and uneven areas. My dogs ears we completely different lengths after. Then I also found a cut on him which the groomer completely failed to mention to me. Before and after photos are attached, so have a look for yourself. My dog has never been matted enough to deserve this, except for when he was rescued off the streets of San Jose, even then I think the shelter too better care in grooming him.
Just moved back to the Castro in SF from Chicago, and we use the walking/playgroup service for our rescue terrier mix, Diego. Thomas is our walker, and he is amazing with Diego and the other dogs. Thomas is so good with Diego and dealing with his anxiety that we plan on using him for boarding and dog sitting at our home. Also, the owner, Lauren, is a delight. It's clear that she is passionate about caring for dogs. I highly recommend Thomas. Diego has had daily daycare or a playgroup service for eight years now, and Thomas is undoubtedly one of the best.
I highly recommend Who Let the Dogs Out! Lauren and her team are absolutely wonderful. They are very professional and all their clients dogs love them! All the dogs in their packs have so much fun at the dog park. They also treat their clients dogs with great love as if they were they own personal dogs!
Great service and totally worth it!  Joe did an amazing job with my reluctant, big, and dirty Bernese Mountain Dog.  The poor dog was filthy from romping in ponds and the forest over July 4, and was also afraid to get into the grooming van.  But once he did, he got exactly the right grooming for the breed (brush out, wash, brush again, and trim claws and paw fur).  And he took to Joe right away even though he's usually wary of strange men.  In all, Joe spent over two hours on the job!  I thought the price was a bit steep at first compared to my usual dog wash place, but for the time Joe took and the convenience of mobile grooming, I was very happy to pay it and will be coming back.
This is the second time I have used Who Let the Dogs Out for their cat grooming service and I couldn't be happier.  I have used different services throughout the years and todays groom was one of the best I have seen for my little Maine Coone's lion cut.  We groom our cat maybe twice per year to help with his hair balls and because he is incredibly good looking :)  Chris did an excellent job and shaved him perfectly so my cats markings can be seen beautifully.  I have had experiences with other services in which they shaved him unevenly or in a way where his markings didn't show.  Mobile grooming is so convenient and is definitely less stressful on my furry dude.  It also saves so much time in driving and pickup as compared to the brick and mortar groomers.  The price is high but for a premium convenient service it is worth it!  Thank you Chris, excellent job!
I adopted a 5 year old rescue Bichon/Poodle mix, Tucker approximately 11 weeks ago.  Other groomers that I've used in the past for another dog were good but they would keep my dog for approximately 4 hours.  One groomer let the dogs run around freely while another kept them in cages.  I guess that this is okay for the short term, but for Tucker I didn't want him to be traumatized by being away from me for too long so I chose a mobile groomer which would minimize his time away from me.  The groomer, Chris was very caring and did an excellent job with Tucker.  I plan to use Who Let The Dogs Out! again and would request Chris although from the reviews I would probably be comfortable with another one of their groomers.  It is definitely convenient because they come to you and your pet will be away from you for as little time as possible.
Just want to say that We've never had our little yorkie  Maxi Loup groomed until today and I just have to say we could not be more pleased...Jessica from Who Let the Dogs Out did a FABULOUS job and we will definitely be sticking with her from here on out. Lauren your team is amazing. Thank you so much our Little Doll Boy looks GORGEOUS !!!!
First time user and I booked an appointment for my two pups to be groomed at the same time. The booking process was simple and available online. The groomer called me the night before to confirm details and he showed up in a timely manner. The pups look great and it was super convenient for me. I will definitely use this service again!
As a new resident to SF finding a new groomer to trust with my Bichon Frise "Rupert" was no easy task. Groomers are way more scarce (and more expensive) up here than LA so it took me a good 2 months to find Who Let the Dogs Out.
Our two giant dogs (Great Dane and GSP) enjoy daily walks with WLTDO. They have been so unbelievably accommodating. Our dogs have really specific needs and the owner and walker have taken the time for additional training and lots of communication to ensure they can safely take care of our boys, while also allowing them to be off leash and burn energy. We're so grateful!!
Super convenient service, especially for those without cars. I had my first full grooming appointment with Who Let the Dogs Out today. The groomer arrived at my apartment about 30 minutes prior to the appointment which wasn't a big deal at all. He came and picked up my dog Emmett and returned him less than an hour later with a fresh cut. I have never tried mobile grooming before. It definitely is a bit pricier than a normal grooming salon, but I would've spent about the same amount if you factor in the Lyfts driving back and forth (4 trips total). Also time is money! This appointment only took 1 hour whereas his previous groomer would take 4-5 hours and take up the whole day.
You basically want someone to just walk your dog and make sure they're okay, right? Well, a couple years ago while they were taking care of our dog, we received a call saying he had a broken leg.  Now, since this incident, we've spoken with multiple doctors and they said it could have only happened if our dog was a) hit with a baseball bat, b) fell from a very, very high location like a second story window, or c) hit by a car.  His rear leg was snapped in half and the noise your beloved pet makes when he is in agony is a noise I never want anyone to hear...and is the reason for this review as I don't recommend anyone to use their services. Realistically, sure the odds say that most likely your dog will be fine, but from what I know and have experienced, Who Let the Dogs Out has a much higher and uncomfortable likelihood of your dog being injured.  They told us that he jumped while running with other dogs and his leg broke. All of the doctors said "No, that's not possible unless he was hit by something while in the air as the break did kit happen in a  location of the bone where running/jumping injuries occur. So, yeah, don't go here unless you want to play roulette with the health of your pet.
Showed up a little early, which was appreciated today.  Dog came back clean and well manicured.  Love not having to leave the house and then wait at the groomers or return to pick him up!  Really appreciate this service!  Thanks @dogsoutsf and see you again soon!
Lauren was extraordinary. I appreciate people who are through and factual and set reasonable expectations all of which Lauren did during our call. I shared with Lauren that we had a former grooming place where our pup had a not great experience simply because she was so shy. While we had really wanted to be present during the appointment to feed our pup treats, Lauren stated this was no possible due to insurance requirements. She asked me to followup with her post-appointment and give my feedback.
Not only is this service extremely convenient but my dog (German shepherd mix) loves getting groomed by who let the dogs out. I can walk by while he is getting groomed if I want, i don't have to worry about him sitting in a cage for hours at a time like other grooming services, which makes me feel secure about booking his shampoo with them. I can't express enough how much I adore this service
I've been using Who Let the Dogs Out for months now and they have been incredible. I have a Brittany spaniel who is just over one year old and he goes out for daily walks with his "crew". He has a ton of energy and needs a lot of daily exercise. Lauren runs a wonderful service with a great team (BJ!) and they have my full trust. They are so adaptable and have helped me out in times of need without fail! Highly recommend for anyone looking for a trusted dog walking service.
Sebastian, our 2 year-old Maltese had his first grooming with Paola in June.  She was very communicative and professional. Paola made sure to ask me for photos of what I wanted for Sebastian's grooming and also asked me if there was anything I should know about him.  Sebastian hates getting groomed and is especially sensitive to his ears being touched due to a previous deep ear infection but Paola was so friendly and patient with him.  Although the grooming took a long time I appreciated how conscientious she was and how well Sebastian's grooming turned out especially since we were having his 2nd birthday party that evening. Thank you Paola!
Who Let the Dogs Out! Was great! They came to our house for mobile bath and grooming of our two Yorkshire Terriers. They did a great job with their cuts and followed our requests well. I would definitely use them again! They are helpful and professional. Online scheduling makes everything very convenient!
Today was my first experience with Who Let the Dogs Out and I am thrilled! What a genius business model! It is extremely convenient and our groomer (Paola) was a delight! I gave her specific requests for how I wanted my pup groomed (poor guy has had some TERRIBLE cuts in the past from other groomers) and she did exactly what I asked. Additionally, I had a slight change in schedule and Paola was able to slot me in at a different time without it being too inconvenient for either of us, which I was extremely grateful for.
I needed to find a mobile grooming service due to my large dog's mobility issues and after our first bath/pedicure today, I'm very happy with our service all around.  I was able to book an appointment online within a week, our groomer arrived exactly on time, came right to the door to pick up my dog, and not even one hour later my dog was back, happy and super clean.  Very worth the price, professional quality service, sweet and friendly groomer and so convenient.  Very grateful for this business and will certainly use again - thank you so much!
LOVE this service and so does my pup!  I must admit though that I have one of the few dogs that enjoys a bath!!!!  Just love the convenience of this service and the fact that every groomer I've met are true dog lovers.  They are always on time and take extra great care of my "kid".  All around a great service.  Keep up the good work.
I always saw the vans around the neighborhood but never really bothered to try them out since i always went to Petco, where I payed $100 for full grooming service on my dog (Ranger). I decided to give them a call as its way more convenient for them to come to me as I can do stuff in the meantime. As well as whenever I would pick up Ranger  (whom is 14 years) from Petco, whenever you'd touch him somewhere he would yell. Not sure if it was because they kept him in a kennel for so long or where aggressive.
So, I decided to try these guys out and I absolutely loved them. They were here on time and super friendly (i forgot the groomers name). She did take about 3 hours which is the usual time that it would take at Petco. I asked for a complete shave since he likes to rip off chunks of his fur out (he gets disgusted at himself, grumpy old guy) so she did such a close shave everywhere, which is awesome! It takes a while for it to grow so being it such close is amazing. Ranger is extremely happy, isn't yelling when hes touched or anything for that manner. I wish i'd remember her name because my groomer was extremely nice with me and Ranger. I'm definitely using them from now on. It is a little more than petco ($130 not including tip), but it's worth it since they come to
Our little guy has been with Donna and the Diggity Dog crew for over a year, and they are the most caring, pooch loving people you could find. When we leave town for a few days, we board him with one of the walkers and know that he's having a great time at "camp".
I am very grateful for the experience and quality of care Donna and her team gave to my little boy. We recently moved to the Bay Area and never experienced dog walking service before. I found Diggity Dog looking through yelp and am happy I did. Donna spent a good time with me before our move talking over my concerns and questions. Her team: Roxy, Chloe and Savannah have treated and respected my dog and I fully trust and appreciate their care. If you're looking for a amazing dog walker do not hesitate to contact Diggity Dog SF.
We have been using Diggity Dog for a little over a year and could not be happier! Our dog Coby goes on fun off leash walks every day with Melissa, sometimes for 2 hours! They come and pick him up, and then with a few other dogs go to different off leash areas around the city to run around (don't worry, they wait a few days and make sure the dogs are trained and come when called before they let your dog run wild). They have been really accommodating when we've had locks changed, or when our building's elevator was broken for an afternoon. They also post pictures and videos all the time to make you jealous that you're not out there with all these dogs. The few times I've been working from home when they come to get Coby, he completely ignores me in his excitement to see Melissa!
This is the best dog walking and pet watching service! I've been through a few in the city and have never felt as comfortable and safe about leaving my dog. Donna & co answer all of my questions patiently and thoroughly so my pup and I know exactly what to expect. In particular, my pup loves his dog walker Chloe and every time she takes him for a walk or weekend stay in know he is happy and in great hands! 10/10 recommend!
Since then, his recall has improved dramatically and he's always tired out when we get home.  We started off on a sort of trial basis at 3x per week and quickly realized how much better it was for all of us if he was going everyday.  Melissa would come to pick him up and he was always excited to see her.  We also use their overnight pet sitting service every once in a while and it's been amazing as well.  I never have to worry when he's with Donna and her team. I love too that they have multiple groups which allows them to shift around packs to make sure the dogs are a match for size and energy.  
This is the BEST walking service that I have found for my high energy black lab pup, and I couldn't be more satisfied with everything. I especially love all the fun pictures uploaded by the walkers and seeing all the dogs have so much fun with their group of new friends. Chris does a great job handling a very excitable young puppy and because of Diggity Dog she comes home tired, happy and much better behaved. Would highly recommend!
Diggity Dog has walked our little PomChi since she was just a few months old,  we'd still be using them, but moved out of the area.  Sadly, Naomi couldn't come with us! Naomi is fabulous, and we miss her very much. She was always very professional, kind and friendly.  She knows just how. To work with shy dogs, and I could tell she knows a lot about dog behavior.  Diggity Dog is the best!!
I have been using Diggity Dog for almost a year now and I couldn't be more satisfied with their services!!! They take my pug Berkeley on fun adventures in the presidio and other dog areas. They pick him up and drop him back off. They are so reliable. Donna has been so responsive with any of my questions, I know I can contact her with any question or concern and I will get a timely and thoughtful response. Berkeley's walker was Chris and then we moved and now he is walked by Mel. I love them both! I've been home when they have come to pick him up and Berkeley (who can be shy) was always so happy to see them. Most recently, I left town for a few weeks and Berkeley stayed overnight with both Chris and Mel. I have never left him that long so was nervous at first but quickly felt the peace of mind that came knowing he was in such capable hands. Berkeley got dropped off to me and he was so relaxed and happy! Never seen him like that after being separated from me for several days. Really grateful for this group of people!
Simply the best. Roxy and her team are great about always picking up our pup on time, sending us text and photo updates, and always making sure our pup is taken care of well. Prices are very reasonable and they're always available for us on weekends and holidays. I honestly think our pup actually looks forward to us leaving town so she can hang out with Roxy and her other dog friends! She's got 5 stars for a reason!
t's been 1 year since my review and we've been using Diggity Dog for a few years now. We recently moved and before we made the decision I contacted Donna to make sure we would still be in their service area. That's how great Donna, Roxy and the rest of the Diggity Dog team are! It's Christmas Day and Roxy just took the time out of her Christmas morning to send us an adorable pic of our pup in a Santa hat which totally made our day. Super reliable, reasonably priced and the comfort of knowing our dog is in such great hands is priceless. I don't know what we'd do without them!
I have been using Donna and Diggity Dogs for the last two years and they have been a lifesaver! Very reliable, communicative and most importantly, my dog Murray LOVES his walker Naomi. I love the pictures she posts on facebook and the few times I've been home when she arrives, Murray would rather hang out with Naomi than me! I am very thankful for the excellent service that Diggity provides and would highly recommend.
I could not be happier with the 2.5 years that my dog, Max, shared with Donna and the Diggity Dog family. I almost never saw them, but I feel like I know the few people who walked Max everyday and took him into their homes while I was away. My dog always was happy and well exercised when I came home from work. I trusted that if anything was out of the ordinary either with my dog or the usual routine, I would get a heads up from Donna. She and her team are aces - extremely trustworthy and do a great job
I've been using Donna and her team for a couple months now and they are FANTASTIC! My dog always comes home from walks healthy and happy. Major bonus: When it comes to scheduling or communication they're always on point. Would recommend Diggity dog to anyone I know!
We LOVE the Diggity Dog team!!  Donna and her dog walkers are very reliable, and take such great care of our dog Bex.  She loves going on walks with her pack, and is gone for a few hours each day.  Donna is also very flexible when we've made last minute changes to our schedule.  I highly recommend them to anyone who has a dog in the city!